# Js exercises
This is a collection of codes that i did to train my skills in JavaScript and HTML & CSS.

## 1 - [Adding](adding)
The adding exercise take two numbers, which are informed by the user, and gives us their sum.

## 2 - [Age Calculator](age-calculator)  
The age calculator exercise make a simple minus account to find out the age of the user. Using the date of the computer, you enter your year of birth and the account is made.

## 3 - [Average](average)
This exercise takes an average of two notes that the user enters, and also captures the name of the person.

## 4 - [Calculator](calculator)
This is a simple calculator with its 4 basic functions, whixh is done with the `switch case` command.

## 5 - [Click Count](click-count)
Here we have a click count were you click on a `<button>` element and, with each click, the counter increases.

## 6 - [Countdown 1](countdown1)
In this countdown, when clicking on the `<button>` element, a count from 1 to 10 is made, marking only the even numbers.

## 7 - [Countdown 2](countdown2)
In this countdown, whe have a count from 1 to 10, like the previously exercise, but in this case, we hide all numbers that are not even, showing only the ones that are evens.

## 8 - [Date Hour](date-hour)
This exercise take the `Date` command that take all the systens informations about the date. Like hours, minutes, day, month and others.

## 9 - [Factorial](factorial)
This exercise makes the factorial math count.

## 10 - [Form Data](form-data)
This exercise uses a form to take data, using the `<input>` element, and use to make a countdown.

## 11 - [Guessing Game](guessing-game)
This exercise makes a guessing game that take a random number that is generated by a function and makes you guess several numbers until you get it righ, giving hints if what you guessed is greater or less than the generated number.

## 12 - [Highest Value](highest-value)
This is a simple exercise that tell you the greater number among those who the user informed.

## 13 - [Number Generator](number-generator)
Here we have a number generator that gives you a randon number each time you click on the `<button>` element.

## 14 - [Numbers](numbers)
This exercise gives you a wide variety of results from a number that the user inform.

## 15 - [Reverse Countdowns](reverse-countdown)
This exercise is like the others two countdowns, but makes the reverse way, counting from 10 to 1.

## 16 - [Seasons Brazil](seasons-brazil)
This exercise receives the information of the month that the user wants to check, and with the switch case command, he return the season of the year.

## 17 - [Smart Count](smart-count)
This exercise do a counter that receive a inicial number and a ending number by the `<input>` element, and makes a countdown with them.

## 18 - [System Interact](system-interact)
This exercise gives you the system informations with the `Date` command.
